For dinner we had turkey and blazing pudding.
And after dinner the uncles sat in front of the fire, loosened all their buttons,
put their large moist hands over their watch chains, groaned a little and snapped.
Mothers, aunts and sisters scuttled to and fro, bearing two rings.
Aunty Bessie, who had already been frightened twice by a clockwork loves,
wimpered at the side door and had some elderberry wine.
The dog was sick. Aunty Dozie had to have three aspirins.
But Aunty Hannah, who liked port, stood in the middle of the snowbound backyard, singing like a big bosom thrush.
I would blow up the balloons to see how quickly they would blow up to.
And when they burst, which they all did, the uncles jumped and rumbled and went back to sleep.